---
abstract: |
    \linespread{2}
    \fontsize{12pt}{\baselineskip}
    \selectfont
    \the
    \myabstract      
author:
- Xufan Gao
bibliography:
- './bib/reference.bib'
title: |
    Academic Integrity Influenced by Artificial Intelligence: A Narrative
    Review
---

\includepdf{2-Cover_Page_Format_Review_Paper.pdf}
\setlength{\parindent}{0.5in}
\newpage
2.0

. Introduction: Academic Integrity is Increasingly Influenced by Artificial Intelligence
========================================================================================

1. Academic Dishonesty Problems in Universities and Colleges
------------------------------------------------------------

Academic misconduct has been a problem for universities and colleges
[@1; @3]. Students can fool markers to get a grade they don't deserve.
This is also a big problem for many researchers that some of them may
create unoriginal works. More importantly, these behaviors can be
addictive after they become aware of the "benefits", which leads to more
ghostwriting. [@9] point out that the situation is not optimistic in
China, so [@1] believe that solutions are urgently needed.

As we all know, artificial intelligence (AI) is developing quickly.
Moreover, it has dabbled in academic integrity issues. The affects lie
in two aspects: AI-writing and AI plagiarism-detecting.

2. AI-Writing Threats Academic Integrity
----------------------------------------

AI-writing not only misleads students but also aggravates academic
dishonesty. [@6] points out that essay mills help students write
academic essays and have earned a lot of money. Equipped with AI, they
seem to be more activated. As for researchers, [@2] describe that a
scholar called Ike Antkare is cited even more than A. Einstein because
he generated hundreds of publications with using AI. According to [@2]
and [@4], text generator called GPT-2 is considered too \"dangerous\"
because it creates realistic and coherent texts. It seems that academic
integrity is facing unprecedented challenge.

3. AI Can Detect Plagiarism
---------------------------

But with the aid of AI, academic plagiarism detection is also benefited
a lot. On the one hand, computer checking is far more efficient and less
time-consuming than manual detection, especially for a large number of
documents [@1; @3]. On the other hand, AI makes detecting systems more
smart. Computers are now gaining insight into complex linguistic
phenomena. Thus, they are not only comparing texts with existing
sources, but also analyzing the meaning and some vocabulary changes
[@1; @9]. In other words, they can identify more tricky plagiarisms.

But it is far from complete triumph. The competition between academic
misconduct and detection is still going on. In this review, we'll talk
about features of AI ghostwriting, AI plagiarism-detecting, and some
future advice.

. AI Ghostwriting in Academic Life
==================================

With AI developing quickly, AI writer has been widely used. However,
some people are using AI in ghostwriting. AI writers are so productive
and efficient that it might cause more severe academic dishonesty. Some
people also proposed ethical issues that are worth considering.

1. Accessibility of AI Ghostwriting
-----------------------------------

AI-writing is universally available. One can find online writers which
generate texts according to inputted keywords. Some of them claim that
they are using AI algorithms. [@2], [@4] and [@5] all present that most
AI-writers are free. [@4] even believes that AI-writers will spread
because of open source softwares, which implies anyone can copy the
codes to use. AI is so widely used to generate texts and even a few
research articles. [@2] reviewed a lot of AI applications in academic
circle, which includes to summarize previous studies and to generate
publications. These tools could be a challenge to academic integrity.

But the more serious problem is that requirement for ghostwriting is
still large. [@6] discovers that \"millions of university students
worldwide keep paying essay mills to write their academic papers\".
Another situation is that the number of published paper is an important
index in Chinese institutions of higher education. The main reasons why
people choose to cheat are that graduates have to publish many research
articles to get a degree and faculty members do the same to gain a
higher professional title [@9]. Despite strict rules, the motivator of
academic dishonesty always exists.

In all, as [@6] illustrates, modern technologies like AI offer a chance
for students to cheat more easily.

2. "Strengths and Weaknesses" of AI Ghostwriting
------------------------------------------------

Computers have a very high efficiency when doing repetitive jobs. As
described by [@2], they generate hundreds of papers in few hours. An
extreme example is that Philip Parker "wrote" 200,000 books, every
twenty minutes each. That is really scary.

AI-writings have an improved quality [@2; @5]. They can paraphrase
original texts and organize the article into proper structures. These
are required for students when writing. Such progresses make it harder
to directly distinguish AI-generated articles from those written by
students [@2].

However, researchers also points out their defects. [@2] note that some
of them are not logical or coherent, thus they are identified once read
in depth by people. What's more, an assignment at college needs a
student to summarize and draw meaningful conclusion, but [@5] observed
that AI-generated articles might have no actual meaning for readers.

To conclude, AI finish an assignment effortlessly but the articles are
still not perfect in some advanced requirements. But we still have to
pay attention to potential risks when technologies advance and they can
write really well.

3. Ethical Issues on AI Ghostwriting
------------------------------------

Some people also proposed ethical issues on AI-writing, which is also
closely related to academic integrity.

[@4] asks a few questions on what is \"original\". We consider an
article written by AI not \"original\". However, it is hard to decide
when the AI program is created by the article \"author\" him/herself. We
are no sure if these \"indirectly written\" works belong to the author's
intelligence or the AI's. Furthermore, [@5] worries about AI which
controls human, since AI might edit a work without authorization of the
"author" when helping to write.

These moral and ethical problems have exceeded the technology field
[@6]. In fact, the answers depend on the definition of academic
integrity concepts. They might be a research gap now. We have to think
about them before they occur in our real life.

. AI-Facilitated Plagiarism Detection
=====================================

AI can also be a useful tool for detecting plagiarism. Researchers like
[@1], [@4] and [@5] suggest applying smart or intelligent technology.
[@6] also confirms AI can be an assistant for school, college and
university teachers.

1. AI-Plagiarism-Detecting Advantages
-------------------------------------

Compared to common computers which only define similarity of texts and
sources, AI detectors has the following advantages:

-   They compare figures easily [@1; @9]. Artificial intelligence have
    specific sub-disciplines like Image Recognition. They can help
    computers quickly find out similar graphs in two articles.

-   [@1] and [@9] also indicate they can detect cross-language
    plagiarism. Some people translate a source to copy it and pretend
    the text is \"original\". Another AI technique, Neural Machine
    Translation can be useful to solve this problem.

-   They can also figure out students' writing styles [@6; @8]. They
    just need a few of a students' work to extract language-use habits
    before judging if some texts are written by this student.

A lot of researches have been conducted in those areas. Thus, [@3]
thinks some easy features could be effortlessly detected. [@6] also
believes their product Emma prevents students from cheating effectively.
In fact, the detectors may have contributed to reduce plagiarism.
According to \"Google trend\", search frequency of \"article
generation\" was going up from 2004 for 10 years while it fell after
2014. This could be due to the development of the AI detection tools
[@2], which to some extent helps to ease academic misconduct.

2. AI-Detecting Has a Long Way to Go
------------------------------------

More importantly, we must understand that the detectors are not
intelligent enough. [@1] conclude that none of the detectors can solve
everything. As stated in the Section , academic plagiarism is far from
ending.

An emerging problem is that AI writings have different characteristics
from simple plagiarism. Detectors have to figure them out in the future
[@5]. [@4] and [@5] believe the technological race is likely to begin.
[@2] worry that AI-writers might get stronger to beat the
anti-plagiarism systems, while [@4] states that nobody knows the result,
and moreover, how people will view academic integrity is certainly going
to be changed.

To sum up, AI plagiarism detectors are great tools but still need
further development before wiping out plagiarism in academic circle.

. Conclusion
============

AI writing will progress day by day, both in writing and detecting,
which will add to novel issues for academic integrity. Things are
getting more complicated. It might be long before we find the answer.

Here is some advice for the future:

-   **Deal with related plagiarism fundamentally**

    Teachers should firstly take measures to reduce academic misconduct.
    [@3] suggests making rules on academic integrity; [@2] regard it as
    a solution to assign tasks that students cannot cheat, but it is
    unclear what these tasks are. As another point of view, [@6] advises
    teachers to keep students motivated in learning in order to prevent
    cheating. He concentrates more on education itself. When students
    study happily and actively, they would probably not cheat.

-   **Develop effective plagiarism detectors**

    Because people always has motivatorsfor cheating, we can control it
    only under strict rules. However, the effect depends on whether
    unoriginal works can be detected. If detectors are perfect, students
    will hardly cheat [@6]. AI-detecting tools might be solutions to
    plagiarism in the future [@4]. But [@6] believes that it is
    difficult for plagiarism detectors to detect all plagiarism works by
    now.

    There will be a lot of research to be done. Firstly, [@1] and [@9]
    points out that AI must **gain deeper recognition and understanding
    into human language**. Scientists are going to intensively study
    techniques such as similarity detection, semantic detection and AI
    translator. They also imply that we have to **develop other relevant
    techniques**. Database technology needs perfecting and huge database
    system should be set up. Without a full collection of sources,
    detectors may leave out some stolen sentences or paragraphs.

-   **Properly use AI**

    Additionally, [@5] argues that people should think about ethical
    issues as soon as possible. Applied sciences has been exploding in
    the past decades. Technology does not possibly decline. There is the
    possibility in the future that we can never distinguish between AI
    writings and human writings. Maybe AI writing will be limited to
    prevent its mistaken use in cheating academic integrity. In
    comparison, AI plagiarism detectors is helpful for maintaining
    academic integrity. Scientists could make their effort to build
    smarter detectors so that plagiarism could be eliminated at an early
    date.

\newpage
\bibliographystyle{plainnat}
